src/posts/markdown-it-demo.md, before:

---
top: true
title: Markdown Test
localizedTitle:
  zh-CN: Markdown 测试
tags: [Testing]
categories: [Testing]
date: 2000-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
description: Use this post to test the markdown-it rendering of the website.
localizedDescription:
  zh-CN: 使用此帖子测试网站的 markdown-it 渲染。
articleGPT: This is a post with markdown-it demo content. You can use it to test the rendering of markdown-it in your website.
references:
  - title: vitepress-theme-curve
    url: https://github.com/imsyy/vitepress-theme-curve
  - title: markdown-it demo
    url: https://markdown-it.github.io/
---

# h1 Heading 8-)

## h2 Heading

### h3 Heading

#### h4 Heading

##### h5 Heading

###### h6 Heading

## Horizontal Rules

___

---

***

## Typographic replacements

Enable typographer option to see result.

(c) (C) (r) (R) (tm) (TM) (p) (P) +-

test.. test... test..... test?..... test!....

!!!!!! ???? ,, -- ---

"Smartypants, double quotes" and 'single quotes'

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**

__This is bold text__

*This is italic text*

_This is italic text_

~~Strikethrough~~

## Blockquotes

> Blockquotes can also be nested...
>> ...by using additional greater-than signs right next to each other...
> > > ...or with spaces between arrows.

## Lists

Unordered

+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
    - Marker character change forces new list start:
        * Ac tristique libero volutpat at

        + Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet

        - Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

Ordered

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


1. You can use sequential numbers...
1. ...or keep all the numbers as `1.`

Start numbering with offset:

57. foo
1. bar

## Code

Inline `code`

Indented code

    // Some comments
    line 1 of code
    line 2 of code
    line 3 of code

Block code "fences"

```
Sample text here...
```

Syntax highlighting

``` JavaScript
var foo = function(bar) {
  return bar++;
};

console.log(foo(5));
```

``` Java{3} title="index.ts"
class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("Hello World");
  }
}
```

## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

Right aligned columns

| Option |                                                               Description |
|-------:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|   data | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine |    engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default. |
|    ext |                                      extension to be used for dest files. |

## Links

[link text](http://dev.nodeca.com)

[link with title](http://nodeca.github.io/pica/demo/ "title text!")

Autoconverted link https://github.com/nodeca/pica (enable linkify to see)

## Images

![Minion](https://octodex.github.com/images/minion.png)
![Stormtroopocat](https://octodex.github.com/images/stormtroopocat.jpg "The Stormtroopocat")

Like links, Images also have a footnote style syntax

![Alt text][id]

With a reference later in the document defining the URL location:

[id]: https://octodex.github.com/images/dojocat.jpg  "The Dojocat"

## Plugins

The killer feature of `markdown-it` is very effective support of
[syntax plugins](https://www.npmjs.org/browse/keyword/markdown-it-plugin).

### [Emojies](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji)

> Classic markup: :wink: :cry: :laughing: :yum:
>
> Shortcuts (emoticons): :-) :-( 8-) ;)

see [how to change output](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji#change-output) with twemoji.

### [Subscript](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-sub) / [Superscript](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-sup)

- 19^th^
- H~2~O

### [\<ins>](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-ins)

++Inserted text++

### [\<mark>](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-mark)

==Marked text==

### [Footnotes](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-footnote)

Footnote 1 link[^first].

Footnote 2 link[^second].

Inline footnote^[Text of inline footnote] definition.

Duplicated footnote reference[^second].

[^first]: Footnote **can have markup**

    and multiple paragraphs.

[^second]: Footnote text.

### [Definition lists](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-deflist)

Term 1

:   Definition 1
with lazy continuation.

Term 2 with *inline markup*

:   Definition 2

        { some code, part of Definition 2 }

    Third paragraph of definition 2.

_Compact style:_

Term 1
~ Definition 1

Term 2
~ Definition 2a
~ Definition 2b

### [Abbreviations](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-abbr)

This is HTML abbreviation example.

It converts "HTML", but keep intact partial entries like "xxxHTMLyyy" and so on.

*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language

### [Custom containers](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-container)

::: warning
*here be dragons*
:::

::: quote
GL & HF!
:::

### [Math Formula](https://github.com/tani/markdown-it-mathjax3)

This is an inline formula example. This is the most beautiful equation - the Euler's identity: $e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0$.

Or, this is a block formula example brought you by the Tupper's self-referential formula:

$$
\frac{1}{2} < \left\lfloor \bmod\left( \left\lfloor \frac{y}{17} \right\rfloor \cdot 2^{-17 \lfloor x \rfloor - \bmod(\lfloor y \rfloor, 17)}, 2 \right) \right\rfloor
$$

Finally, **Maxwell's equations!**

| equation                                                                                                                                                                  | description                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| $\nabla \cdot \vec{\mathbf{B}}  = 0$                                                                                                                                      | divergence of $\vec{\mathbf{B}}$ is zero                                               |
| $\nabla \times \vec{\mathbf{E}}\, +\, \frac1c\, \frac{\partial\vec{\mathbf{B}}}{\partial t}  = \vec{\mathbf{0}}$                                                          | curl of $\vec{\mathbf{E}}$ is proportional to the rate of change of $\vec{\mathbf{B}}$ |
| $\nabla \times \vec{\mathbf{B}} -\, \frac1c\, \frac{\partial\vec{\mathbf{E}}}{\partial t} = \frac{4\pi}{c}\vec{\mathbf{j}}    \nabla \cdot \vec{\mathbf{E}} = 4 \pi \rho$ | _wha?_                                                                                 |

### SwiperJS

:::: swiper
::: swiper-slide
Slide 1
:::
::: swiper-slide
Slide 2
:::
::: swiper-slide
Slide 3
:::
::::

:::: swiper
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::::

Commit message:

feat: Typst support for Math
Signed-off-by: Qian Qian "Qubik"‎ <qubik65536@qubik65536.top>

src/posts/markdown-it-demo.md, after:

---
top: true
title: Markdown Test
localizedTitle:
  zh-CN: Markdown 测试
tags: [Testing]
categories: [Testing]
date: 2000-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
description: Use this post to test the markdown-it rendering of the website.
localizedDescription:
  zh-CN: 使用此帖子测试网站的 markdown-it 渲染。
articleGPT: This is a post with markdown-it demo content. You can use it to test the rendering of markdown-it in your website.
references:
  - title: vitepress-theme-curve
    url: https://github.com/imsyy/vitepress-theme-curve
  - title: markdown-it demo
    url: https://markdown-it.github.io/
---

# h1 Heading 8-)

## h2 Heading

### h3 Heading

#### h4 Heading

##### h5 Heading

###### h6 Heading

## Horizontal Rules

___

---

***

## Typographic replacements

Enable typographer option to see result.

(c) (C) (r) (R) (tm) (TM) (p) (P) +-

test.. test... test..... test?..... test!....

!!!!!! ???? ,, -- ---

"Smartypants, double quotes" and 'single quotes'

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**

__This is bold text__

*This is italic text*

_This is italic text_

~~Strikethrough~~

## Blockquotes

> Blockquotes can also be nested...
>> ...by using additional greater-than signs right next to each other...
> > > ...or with spaces between arrows.

## Lists

Unordered

+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
    - Marker character change forces new list start:
        * Ac tristique libero volutpat at

        + Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet

        - Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

Ordered

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


1. You can use sequential numbers...
1. ...or keep all the numbers as `1.`

Start numbering with offset:

57. foo
1. bar

## Code

Inline `code`

Indented code

    // Some comments
    line 1 of code
    line 2 of code
    line 3 of code

Block code "fences"

```
Sample text here...
```

Syntax highlighting

``` JavaScript
var foo = function(bar) {
  return bar++;
};

console.log(foo(5));
```

``` Java{3} title="index.ts"
class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("Hello World");
  }
}
```

## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

Right aligned columns

| Option |                                                               Description |
|-------:|--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|   data | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine |    engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default. |
|    ext |                                      extension to be used for dest files. |

## Links

[link text](http://dev.nodeca.com)

[link with title](http://nodeca.github.io/pica/demo/ "title text!")

Autoconverted link https://github.com/nodeca/pica (enable linkify to see)

## Images

![Minion](https://octodex.github.com/images/minion.png)
![Stormtroopocat](https://octodex.github.com/images/stormtroopocat.jpg "The Stormtroopocat")

Like links, Images also have a footnote style syntax

![Alt text][id]

With a reference later in the document defining the URL location:

[id]: https://octodex.github.com/images/dojocat.jpg  "The Dojocat"

## Plugins

The killer feature of `markdown-it` is very effective support of
[syntax plugins](https://www.npmjs.org/browse/keyword/markdown-it-plugin).

### [Emojies](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji)

> Classic markup: :wink: :cry: :laughing: :yum:
>
> Shortcuts (emoticons): :-) :-( 8-) ;)

see [how to change output](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-emoji#change-output) with twemoji.

### [Subscript](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-sub) / [Superscript](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-sup)

- 19^th^
- H~2~O

### [\<ins>](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-ins)

++Inserted text++

### [\<mark>](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-mark)

==Marked text==

### [Footnotes](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-footnote)

Footnote 1 link[^first].

Footnote 2 link[^second].

Inline footnote^[Text of inline footnote] definition.

Duplicated footnote reference[^second].

[^first]: Footnote **can have markup**

    and multiple paragraphs.

[^second]: Footnote text.

### [Definition lists](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-deflist)

Term 1

:   Definition 1
with lazy continuation.

Term 2 with *inline markup*

:   Definition 2

        { some code, part of Definition 2 }

    Third paragraph of definition 2.

_Compact style:_

Term 1
~ Definition 1

Term 2
~ Definition 2a
~ Definition 2b

### [Abbreviations](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-abbr)

This is HTML abbreviation example.

It converts "HTML", but keep intact partial entries like "xxxHTMLyyy" and so on.

*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language

### [Custom containers](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it-container)

::: warning
*here be dragons*
:::

::: quote
GL & HF!
:::

### [Math Formula](https://github.com/tani/markdown-it-mathjax3)

This is an inline formula example. This is the most beautiful equation - the Euler's identity: $e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0$.

Or, this is a block formula example brought you by the Tupper's self-referential formula:

$$
\frac{1}{2} < \left\lfloor \bmod\left( \left\lfloor \frac{y}{17} \right\rfloor \cdot 2^{-17 \lfloor x \rfloor - \bmod(\lfloor y \rfloor, 17)}, 2 \right) \right\rfloor
$$

Finally, **Maxwell's equations!**

| equation                                                                                                                                                                  | description                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| $\nabla \cdot \vec{\mathbf{B}}  = 0$                                                                                                                                      | divergence of $\vec{\mathbf{B}}$ is zero                                               |
| $\nabla \times \vec{\mathbf{E}}\, +\, \frac1c\, \frac{\partial\vec{\mathbf{B}}}{\partial t}  = \vec{\mathbf{0}}$                                                          | curl of $\vec{\mathbf{E}}$ is proportional to the rate of change of $\vec{\mathbf{B}}$ |
| $\nabla \times \vec{\mathbf{B}} -\, \frac1c\, \frac{\partial\vec{\mathbf{E}}}{\partial t} = \frac{4\pi}{c}\vec{\mathbf{j}}    \nabla \cdot \vec{\mathbf{E}} = 4 \pi \rho$ | _wha?_                                                                                 |

Note that Typst math rendering is also supported:

$$
e^(i pi) + 1 = 0
$$

$$
1/2 < floor(mod(floor(y / 17) dot 2^(-17 dot floor(x) - mod(floor(y), 17)), 2))
$$

To properly see them, modify the `markdownConfig.mjs` file in the `theme/utils` directory to enable the Typst.

### SwiperJS

:::: swiper
::: swiper-slide
Slide 1
:::
::: swiper-slide
Slide 2
:::
::: swiper-slide
Slide 3
:::
::::

:::: swiper
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::: swiper-slide-no-shadow
![Image](https://img.cubik65536.top/vanierflossday24-3dswag-technicaldesignpreview.png)
:::
::::
